web application
 1. static 
 2. dynamic - user can interact with the appliction, either to provide the data or not get data from application

     a. user interface for user to interact
     b. user interface should be user friendly 
            HTML, CSS - to provides
     c. To provide a better user experience, just styling of application is not enough.
     d. interactivity -> javascript (we making web page live)

   
   In developing web application 
              Client - Server 

              Client -> send the request to server to process and server provides response to client

              Millions of clients -> one server.

              some functionalities -> (Sorting data, dynamically filtering data, dynamically removing temp or adding some data temp,simplec calculations) provide at client and some functionalites at server (manuplating data at DB)


JavaScript 

Enterprise level application


Modularisation
following Design patterns
Routing from one page to another page
Access data from onepage to another page.


Frameworks are introduced to develop client applications.
1. Angular  -> Google
2. React   -> Facebook
3. Vue  -> Community 
4. Flutter -> Community
5. Larwel


Case - Domain Problem.

1. React provides more easy customization than Angular
2. React depends upon more external libraries.


Angular

1. Vast framework and more built in features are available
2. More abstraction is provided
3. A defined architecture can be maintained 


Advantages:
  a. Vast framework with no of built-in features
  b. It supported by Google
  c. Single Page Applications.
      Angular Directly chages the DOM -> won't change or relod the webpage


To create angular application

1. NodeJs 
      Angular can downloaded from node package manager.

 Angular Versions -> 

   current -> 10 version
   
   Angular 1 - developed on JavaScript
   Angular 2 - develop with TypeScript
               TypeScript is a lib, which a wrapper around ES6(JavaScript) + type script lib, that                 provides type fastey to the application.

                  JavaScript is dynamic datatype scripting language.
                  dynamic datatype scripting language may introduce more errors into applications.

                  Transpiler - (compiler) , to convert typescript code to javascript.

                              ES5 (All object oriented syntax are introduced)
                                     classes, constructors,methods,interfaces
                 TypeScript - ES6 (ECMA Script 6) - 1. Modularisation
                      previous to ES6 - to achieve modularization - we depened on SystemJs or RequireJS
                         



   Angular 5  -> Http -> API changed
   Angular 6  -> Reactive library is introduced




   Type of application 
         1. Calculator
         2. Diary application(To-do list)
         3. Snake game in mobile/deskop


   Angular is itself is engough.

        1. Swiggy
        2. Amazon
        3. Facebook


   Augular + (Java/.Net/NodeJs/PHP)








